"Helping Hands" is an app that provides a matching service for emergency accommodation following a natural disaster. 
Through the app, those who have spare room can volunteer space in their home, while those in need of temporary shelter can 
search for a host.


How "Helping Hands" works (at present):

" Upon opening the app, the user selects whether they "Need a hand" (are seeking shelter), or want to "Lend a hand" 
(volunteer space in their home).

" If the user selects "Need a hand": o The user enters the amount of people in their party that require accommodation, 
and whether or not they require food. o The user then enters their phone number so that they can be contacted. " 
If the user selects "Lend a hand": o The user enters the amount of people that they can accommodate, and whether or 
not they can provide food o The user enters their phone number so that they can be contacted

We hope that the app can be further developed to include an algorithm that will provide them with a list of other users that 
match their criteria. The user can then contact users from this list and can begin to arrange accommodation. After two previous
attempts at different projects that were unfortunately unsuccessful, the late start on this project meant that we could not
implement this feature in the given timeframe.

Moving forward with this app, we would hope to implement some additional features, such as a location option, 
and additional filters such as internet and laundry facilities available at the home. 
The algorithm would match the individual in need to the home which best suits their needs. 
We also hope to include the option of signing in with Google, so that the user's email address can be included in their 
information, or a messaging service within the app itself to streamline the process.

We would also look to promote the app in areas that are prone to natural disasters, perhaps through collaborations with stores
that sell emergency supplies and local emergency services. We would also seek to work with life, health, 
and home insurance companies to offer a discount as an incentive to those who utilize the app.

